
Object placement
(Avoid using) display-lock
In 2D app development, frequently accessed content and menu are often locked on one side of the screen to make them easily accessible all the time. However, in holographic apps, locking content to display breaks sense of immersion and it is annoying like dust particle on your glasses that you are dying to get rid of. Below are some other options for hologram placements.

Tag-Along / Body-lock
When you want to make holograms highly visible and always within user's view, consider using tag-along behavior. This makes holograms follow user's head position at a relatively fixed distance. Different from display-locked content, tag-along behavior incorporates gentle, elastic delay when user turns their head, so that hologram movement can feel more natural. 
Tag-along is a good alternative solution for the items that needs to be highly discoverable, but overuse can prevent user from staying engaged with the experience by reminding them they are in a simulated world. Also, it could be nauseating or overwhelming if holograms move wildly or spring too much within user's view, so use slow movement towards and away from user instead. Lastly, consider providing an option to hide the tag-along menu, or transition to world-lock placement, so that user can fully immersed with the main content. To find out how to implement Tag-along behavior, click here.

Hand-lock(HoloLens 2 only)
Hand is another unique area to place your holograms. Attach holograms around hand when items need to be highly discoverable(accessible) yet remain transient and not interruptive. Be careful not to make user to look at hand-locked holograms too long, since user's arm will get easily tired. If items require long attention or more permanent presence, provide a way to transition them into world-lock. To find out more about hand-lock menu, click here. 

World-lock
When hologram does not have to be always within user's view, consider using world-lock. As the name suggests, this method locks holograms in a specific location in the world. User can walk around it and examine the holograms from multiple angles. This is one of the most magical capabilities especially with HoloLens. It is possible because HoloLens continually tracks the contents, the room, and the user's position. 
When you use world-lock, try to position it where it is appropriate to maximize immersion and add more meaning to the holograms. For example, data, labels and tags can be placed near the related physical objects to maximize understanding; board game can be placed on top of actual physical table to make it feel more real and grounded. Also, take into account collisions and occlusions with the physical world user may experience, and allow them to reposition holograms so that they can see holograms comfortably.

Designing interactables
Affordance / Leverage people's existing knowledge
Mixed reality is still a new computing paradigm to many of our users. By using familiar visual metaphors people have already established through years of experience in both digital and physical worlds, we can accelerate user's learning and confidence. For example, by adding physical characteristics such as indentation, handle, or pull string to your interactable 3D holograms, user will intuitively know how to interact. When your app…./When you need more traditional 2D digital UI elements, you can also use buttons as a metaphor. You can also use 2D UI metaphor such as buttons and scroller for your app. In this case, try to add more dimension to them to make them look more pokable, grabbable or pinchable.

<Add some sketches>

Feedback

In our physical world, everything reacts to our action. You push a ball, it rolls; drops and it falls. It is this reaction that helps people understand the result of their interaction. This also helps the objects feel more alive and real. In your Mixed Reality app, make sure your interactable provide immediate and appropriate feedback in reaction to any casual movemnet. If object is interactive, yet does not provide any feedback, user will be confused and lose confidence (in assuming interaction).

Feedback can come in many forms. You can change color or size of the object, reveal more information about the object, or play sound when it is targeted or pressed. Although, vision is the main feedback channel human uses, try to use other output together including audio or haptic(motion controller only) feedback to increase sense of immersion. 
<Add some sketches>

Lastly, if the interactable is 3D hologram resembling real world objects, try adding real world physics/try to make interactions close to the way we interact in the real world. For example, make a ball bounce off the floor rather than staying still when it falls. Consider using this type of realistic interactions if you are building training or surgical application so that user can transfer their knowledge to real-world task. However, if it's appropriate for your app, feel free to bend reality to create magical interactions. 
